users/jandrew/revise-extensions-tutorials (#2266)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/getting-started/part2-content-scripts.md

ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 10/26/2022
---
# Create an extension tutorial, part 2

> To see the completed extension package source for this part of the tutorial, go to [MicrosoftEdge-Extensions repo > extension-getting-started-part2](/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/getting-started/part1-simple-extension?tabs=v3).  

Reviewer: testing the link, which is no longer github.com: it will become:

https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/getting-started/part1-simple-extension?tabs=v3

Author: Great, closing

You'll learn to update your pop-up menu to replace your static stars image with a title and a standard HTML button.  That button, when selected, passes that image of stars to the content page.  This image is now embedded in the extension and inserted into the active browser tab. Here are the steps.

> Note: These steps require that you have completed the steps for initial extension package steps for the tutorial, go to [MicrosoftEdge-Extensions repo > extension-getting-started-part1](/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/getting-started/part1-simple-extension?tabs=v3).  

Reviewer 2: "These steps require that you complete the steps for initial extension package steps. For the tutorial, go to [MicrosoftEdge-Extensions repo > extension-getting-started-part1](/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/getting-started/part1-simple-extension?tabs=v3). " 

This would be more clear.

Author: fixed in the repo and will resubmit.

## Step 1: Update pop-up.html to include a button

> In the popup folder where you created the `popup.html` file [from the initial part of the tutorial](/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/getting-started/part1-simple-extension?tabs=v3), you will replace with some straightforward markup that displays a title with a button.  You'll later program that button in a different step, but for now include a reference to an empty JavaScript file `popup.js`.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the popup folder where you created the `popup.html` file [from the initial part of the tutorial](/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/getting-started/part1-simple-extension?tabs=v3), you'll add tagging that displays a title with a button.  You'll later program that button in a different step, but for now include a reference to an empty JavaScript file `popup.js`.   
```

> Below is a sample updated HTML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a sample updated HTML file:
```
or "HTML listing".  i need to check rendered page for context

---

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 4: Make your `stars.jpeg` available from any browser tab

> To make `images/stars.jpeg` available from any browser tab, you must use the `chrome.runtime.getURL` API.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make `images/stars.jpeg` available from any browser tab, you must use the `chrome.runtime.getURL` API.
```
two trailing spaces is significant in Markdown (linebreak) and this repo was cleaned of them

> Note: If you are using Manifest V2, then instead use `chrome.extension.getURL`.  That extra prefix is returned by `getUrl` with the image attached, and looks something like the following: ```httpextension://inigobacliaghocjiapeaaoemkjifjhp/images/stars.jpeg```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you are using Manifest V2, then instead use `chrome.extension.getURL`.  That extra prefix is returned by `getURL` with the image attached, and looks something like the following: ```httpextension://inigobacliaghocjiapeaaoemkjifjhp/images/stars.jpeg```
```
check casing.
I'd try to minimize use of "Note: "
